must have:
    functions in a script to perform CRUD on all models.

Should Have:
    menu of options
        order more vehicles
        create new customers
        create a customer order
            removes item from stock
        display inventory
        cancel a customer order 
            returns items to stock
        make an order paid

could have:
    extend models with more functionality
        price, different vehicle types, color etc
    extend menu of options to handle full CRUD options for each models
    nest menu options for better user flow
    display order history for a customer

wish list
    add more models to track and manage vehicle components
        example: bicycle takes 2 wheels, 1 seat, and a handle
        each component could have a price. the total price of components could be the vehicle price
    ascii art


how am i going to do this.
    first i want to set up my models and get basic CRUD rolling, that will satisfy the first objective
        I got the customer and vehicle models up, now ill work on CRUD for customer.
            

    2nd, i want to include scripts with user input
        for updating inventory
        maybe using a class as an inventory updater.

        I got customer CRUD
        i can add inventory and show inventory
        i need to update and delete inventory.
            the challenge with this will be updating the number available,
            searching by a couple fields instead of all fields.
            i may simplify this process if needed to make, model.
        i need to delete bikes from my program.
        
        show all, delete by id and quantity, refresh
            click delete inv,
            shows all bikes, 2 prompts, cancel, delete by id.
                if cancel, return to menu ^
                "enter id to delete"
                persistent cancel.

        type in and check for a match then delete.

    3rd, i need order functionality. what does this look like?
        i want a model that has:
        Customer: first and last name
        vehicle: make, model, type, color, price
        unique info: paid status(bool) should set to not paid

        model is established, now i need to route into a function that 
        creates an order. 
        input and menu flow...
            show customers, ask for which customer you want by id.
            go back button.
            can be a one to many

            show bikes, ask for which bike you want by id.
            go back button
            must be a many to many

            create object with name that matches id, bike that matches id
            paid_status should be represented as false automatically.

            i have input checking for the inventory and customer existence.
            now if that exists maybe assign it to another variable and use it?
            



must have, 
    adding models and setting up crud. 

        how do i want the 3 fields to interact.

        cases:
        a customer calls in and wants to order a bike
            relationships:
                customerOrder
                    name updates customer sheet with name

                    the bike they want pulls information from the vehicle table.
                    created_date is the date of the edit.
                    paid is boolean.

        a customer calls in and wants to change their order

        a customer calls in and wants to delete their order.